monitoring rework (#265)
Xceptance/xlt-documentation: content/en/xtc/monitoring/430-scenarios.md

### Scenario Settings

On the _Settings_ tab, you may adjust how your scenario is run. 

You can simply switch between the default and your overwritten values for any setting by checking _Use Default_ in any settings section. You will be asked to confirm your decision.

{{< image src="xtc/monitoring_scenario_useDefault.png" >}}
Switch between default and custom values by using the _Use Default_ checkbox.
{{< /image >}}

#### General 

In _General_ you set the scenario name and description, and the Java class containing this scenario. 

#### Execution

In _Execution_ you define how the scenarios should be executed: 
* you define an **interval** (how often a scenario should be started, e.g. every minute) between 1 second and 24 hours, and
* what the **maximum runtime** for a scenario is (if this time is exceeded, the scenario will be aborted).

#### Retry

In _Retry_ you define the retry behavior of this scenario:
* retry can be active/inactive, and
* if it is active you can define the **interval**, i.e. after which time period the scenario shall be retried, and 
* a **count**, i.e. how many retries are allowed before the scenario counts as failed).

#### Locations

> In _Locations_ you define where to run the scenario from (available locations will depend on the location of the machines that were provisioned for your monitoring project) - you may show or hide locations of unprovisioned machines here).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In _Locations_ you define where to run the scenario from. Available locations will depend on the location of the machines that were provisioned for your monitoring project. You may also show or hide the locations where machines have not yet been provisioned.
```
